Link to HR onboarding documents (#95)
cct-datascience/group-procedures: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/onboarding-checklist.md

The goal in the first week is to set up your accounts and your physical and virtual workspaces, to meet others in the group and learn about our protocols, and to become familiar with the university.

> Feel free to ask anyone in the group questions about these steps, especially in the group's Slack channel (#datascience channel within CALS CCT Slack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to ask anyone in the group questions about these steps, especially in the group's Slack channel (#datascience channel within [CALS CCT Slack](https://cals-cct.slack.com)).
```

    -   [ ] Select and enroll in a retirement plan. You need to enroll in retirment within 30 days of your start date.
    -   [ ] Once you have selected your retirement plan, you can sign up for other benefits. Enroll in other benefits within 31 days of starting.

### Equipment setup

#### Internet

> You should be on the university's VPN any time you connect to internet outside the UA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should be on the university's VPN any time you connect to internet outside the UA, or are working from home.
```

-   [ ] Install Cisco Secure Client; instructions under [Virtual Private Network (VPN)](https://it.arizona.edu/remote-work).

>     -   When asked for a third password/NetID+ method, input "push" or "sms" or "passcode" to autheticate via 2FA.

Reviewer: Should this line be under the "Log in ..." checkbox below? I don't think you can use this until you're trying to log in

-   [ ] Log in to the VPN by opening Cisco Secure Client, typing in "vpn.arizona.edu/cals-ext", and clicking Connect. Then log in using your UA credentials and 2FA.

#### Software set up

When you get your computer...

-   [ ] Meet with an admin in CCT (Martin Picazzo as of 2023) to get logged into your computer the first time.

> -   [ ] Also install software you will need administrative privileges to install. It can be helpful to come to this meeting with a list of things you expect to use. In future, if you need an admin password to install something, contact Martin to get a temporary password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [ ] Also install software that you will need administrative privileges to install. It can be helpful to come to this meeting with the CCT admin having a list of things you expect to use. In the future, if you need an admin password to install something, contact Martin to get a temporary password.
```

    -   [ ] If you don't already have an account sign up at (https://github.com), used to organize our work.
    -   [ ] Get added to our group's GitHub org: <https://github.com/cct-datascience>
    -   Note: We have two GitHub boards, one for [project management](https://github.com/orgs/cct-datascience/projects/8) and one for [incubators](https://github.com/orgs/cct-datascience/projects/7)
    -   See [here](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/securing-your-account-with-two-factor-authentication-2fa) for more about 2FA for GitHub and access protocols
-   [ ] Clone the group procedures book, which is where we currently store group and project documentation
    -   [ ] GitHub repo is here: <https://github.com/cct-datascience/group-procedures>
    -   [ ] Book is built with Quarto. You can preview local edits with `quarto preview`. For more info on editing see Quarto docs: <https://quarto.org/docs/books/>
-   [ ] Join the [group Hackmd](https://hackmd.io/team/cct-datascience?nav=overview), used for a lot of group notetaking.
    -   [ ] You will need to create a Hackmd account, and then someone from the group will need to add you.
-   [ ] Get added to Toggl, for time tracking

> -   [ ] Log in to get edit access to the website. Navigate to <https://datascience.cct.arizona.edu/user>. Don't log in using the obvious log in form; click on "Log in with NetAuth" (or similar) and log in using your NetID credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [ ] Log in to get edit access to the website. Navigate to <https://datascience.cct.arizona.edu/user>. Click on "Log in using University of Arizona WebAuth" and log in using your NetID credentials.
```
